Add documentation for creation of custom firmware uf2 files (#199)
Allen-Synthesis/EuroPi: software/create_custom_firmware_uf2.md

│   ├── consequencer.py
│   ├── cvecorder.py
│   ├── diagnostic.py
│   ├── hamlet.py
│   └── ...
├── europi.py
├── europi_script.py
├── experimental
│   ├── __init__.py
│   └── knobs.py
├── main.py (optional)
├── rp2.py
├── setup.py
├── ssd1306.py
├── ui.py
└── version.py
```
_boot.py should be modefied to look like this: (increase progsize)
```
import os
import machine, rp2

bdev = rp2.Flash()
try:
    vfs = os.VfsLfs2(bdev, progsize=1024)
except:
    os.VfsLfs2.mkfs(bdev, progsize=1024)
    vfs = os.VfsLfs2(bdev, progsize=1024)
os.mount(vfs, "/")

del os, bdev, vfs
```
main.py could look like this: (It's important to call the garbage collector to make space for the software)
```
import gc
gc.collect()
from contrib.menu import *
BootloaderMenu(EUROPI_SCRIPT_CLASSES).main()
```

## Import priority
When using import in micropython it will look for the file according to the priority defined by the position in sys.path.
So it will look at / and /lib first, before looking in the frozen firmware modules.
However if the frozen modules of the firmware include a main.py it will autostart this and ignore any main.py located in /.

## Freezing bytecode instead of source code

> By default the files from the modules dir will be frozen (included in the firmware) as python source files (.py).
> To freeze the generated bytecode instead you can modefy the manifest.py file to look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the files from the modules dir will be frozen (included in the firmware) as python source files (.py). Another build strategy is to freeze the generated bytecode and add those binaries to a manifest.py. The advantage with this approach is that the firmware will execute compiled binaries instead of using the MicroPython interpreter on the .py source files added to the modules directory. This will improve execution performance and use less RAM.

To accomplish this, add the file `micropython/ports/rp2/boards/manifest.py` file that looks like this:
```

## Compiling the firmware
```
# install extra tools if not already done so
$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt install cmake gcc-arm-none-eabi libnewlib-arm-none-eabi build-essential

# get micropython source from github repo
# choose latest stable version instead of the master branch
$ git clone -b v1.19.1 https://github.com/micropython/micropython.git

# fetch submodules
$ cd micropython
$ make -C ports/rp2 submodules

# build tools
$ make -C mpy-cross

# enter the dir for our hardware port
$ cd ports/rp2

$ ls
# files that should be frozen and included in the firmware should be placed in the 'modules' dir
# so thats 'micropython/ports/rp2/modules/'
# what should be done here is written below
# once that has been done you can continue to make the firmware

# optional clean up
$ make clean

# build the firmware
$ make
```

## Modules dir
after the files for EuroPi, EuroPi contrib and ssd1306 are inserted
the structure of the modules dir should look like this:
```
micropython/ports/rp2/modules/
├── _boot_fat.py
├── bootloader.py
├── _boot.py
├── calibrate.py
├── contrib
│   ├── bernoulli_gates.py
│   ├── coin_toss.py
│   ├── consequencer.py

> │   ├── cvecorder.py
> │   ├── diagnostic.py
> │   ├── hamlet.py
> │   ├── harmonic_lfos.py
> │   ├── hello_world.py
> │   ├── master_clock.py
> │   ├── menu.py
> │   ├── noddy_holder.py
> │   ├── polyrhythmic_sequencer.py
> │   ├── poly_square.py
> │   ├── probapoly.py
> │   ├── radio_scanner.py
> │   ├── scope.py
> │   ├── smooth_random_voltages.py
> │   ├── strange_attractor.py
> │   └── turing_machine.py

Reviewer: [optional]: tidy this up by omitting the full list since it changes occasionally.
```suggestion
│   └── ...
```

├── europi.py
├── europi_script.py
├── experimental
│   ├── __init__.py
│   └── knobs.py
├── main.py (optional)
├── rp2.py
├── setup.py
├── ssd1306.py
├── ui.py
└── version.py
```
_boot.py should be modefied to look like this: (increase progsize)
```
import os
import machine, rp2

bdev = rp2.Flash()
try:
    vfs = os.VfsLfs2(bdev, progsize=1024)
except:
    os.VfsLfs2.mkfs(bdev, progsize=1024)
    vfs = os.VfsLfs2(bdev, progsize=1024)
os.mount(vfs, "/")

del os, bdev, vfs
```
main.py could look like this: (It's important to call the garbage collector to make space for the software)
```
import gc
gc.collect()

> import contrib.menu

Reviewer: [optional] I was having issues importing menu like this, and found that calling `from contrib.menu import *` worked. It could have been a red herring for a different error, though since they're essentially the same.

BootloaderMenu(EUROPI_SCRIPT_CLASSES).main()
```

## Import priority
When using import in micropython it will look for the file according to the priority defined by the position in sys.path.
So it will look at / and /lib first, before looking in the frozen firmware modules.
However if the frozen modules of the firmware include a main.py it will autostart this and ignore any main.py located in /.

## Freezing bytecode instead of source code
By default the files from the modules dir will be frozen (included in the firmware) as python source files (.py).

> To freeze the generated bytecode instead you can modefy the manifest.py file to look like this:

Reviewer: [optional] Could you add a line or to explaining _why_ you would want to freeze the bytecode? I was unclear what benefits this feature offers.

Reviewer: If the main advantage is to protect the source code by providing binary files instead of source .py files, then I think we're safe to omit this section from the EuroPi repo since we wouldn't use this feature. Definitely a good thing for maintainers to know, but not relevant to the EuroPi audience. So the link to full documentation satisfies access to this information in that context.
